Students applying for Sikkim 2017 trip

On Jan 27, 2017, at 5:17 PM, Oona Nadler <oona.nadler@mail.utoronto.ca> wrote:

 
Dear Professor Garrett and Professor Price,
 
I am writing to you to express my extreme interested in RLG401H1 Independent Studies Abroad: Himalayan Borderlands course and trip. I am finishing my last full academic year in the Program of Religion, and I am majoring in Religion with a double minor in Near and Middle Eastern Civilizations and Music History and Culture. My academic and extracurricular experience has led me to be interested in taking RLG401H1. 
 
This Himalayan Borderlands Trip sounds like a trip of a life time. Truly, it is a unique experience because it gives a student the opportunity to engage academically as well as practically with the religious practice in the Himalaya. I do not just wish to visit, but I wish to engage on an intellectual level. Through my academic interactions with Religion and Buddhism, I have had the desire to reach out into the world and experience the religious culture I have read about. The reason I am attracted to the Study of Religion, is that it is a study of people and their cultures. Through texts, and engagement with ideas and theories, we learn how and why people live their lives. The environment in which people live and experience religion plays a vital role. It is a conversation, with history, culture, and place. I feel that going to the actual setting religion is being conducted and formed is an invaluable experience.

I feel that I have accumulated the skills needed to make this trip a success. I have traveled to various regions and experienced different cultures and environments in group trips. In high school I went to Queenstown, South Africa on a Community Service Trip to volunteer at our high school’s partner school. In university I did a year abroad in Dublin, Ireland. I have completed my Duke of Edinburgh Gold Award. The qualifications needed to complete this award include an Adventurous Journey, and a high level camping trip. I am proud to say I completed the camping trip with the Duke of Edinburgh affiliated organization Chocpaw Expeditions, where I went dog sledding in Algonquin park to do winter camping. Camping in very cold temperatures, in a tent outside, has given me confidence in being in nature. 
 
Furthermore, I have a creative background which would be perfect for the New Media journal. I completed the VicOne Norman Jewison Stream, which was an arts stream that focused on the academic and practical components of arts. In the course I wrote my own song based on my year long research of the Appalachian region and culture. I learned how to play the banjo, and sang, and I played the viola on the recording. I thrive in the combination of academic study and being able to have the practical creative element as well. In NMC256H1 Nights Around the World I created a short animated film inspired by the 1001 Nights for my final project. I animated it myself, and wrote an academic essay explaining the choices I made. Also, I have experience with travel journals from my time in the Duke of Edinburgh.
 
I enjoy travelling so much, and I live to engage with different cultures in a respectful manner. I would not apply to this if I did not think that I met the criteria needed to successfully complete this journey. Thankfully I have no medical conditions, I eat anything, I have no allergies, and I am game for almost anything.I welcome opportunities to go outside my comfort zone, and to increase my experiences by being in completely new situations and trying new things.The fact that this exciting trip is coupled with Academic Research and discussion makes me really want to partake in it. I think both elements will work in tandem to create a meaningful and exciting experience. I cannot begin to imagine how exciting it would be to do research and discussion, with it all culminating in a trip. 


This experience is something that would truly be the capstone to my time at university. It embodies the reasons behind my studies, the unifying thread. I feel that university can help broaden one’s mind, and learning about other cultures can help one to engage with people from different backgrounds respectfully world wide. This engagement for me has mainly been in a classroom setting at university, but to have the chance to extend the classroom to the actual environment would be a dream come true. I would cherish the opportunity and I would put everything I have learned through my time at U of T and beyond into into this class .

 
Thank you for your consideration. 
 
Yours Truly,
 
Oona Nadler




On Jan 28, 2017, at 12:22 AM, Mavra Wasim <m.wasim@mail.utoronto.ca> wrote:
Hello,

I would like to express interest in the RLG401H course.I sincerely apologize for the delayed email. I just discovered the email, due to over flux of emails. 

I am very interested in spirituality and how it manifests in different cultures. I would really like to explore this opportunity.  I study Psychology as my major and Religion and the Environment as my minors. So I very interested in all factors of the concept of spirituality. I feel that in this way, I may have a very interesting perspective to offer during this trip.

Thank you so much for your consideration,

Mavra Wasim 998972553



On Jan 30, 2017, at 11:27 PM, Alyssa Mcleish <alyssa.mcleish@mail.utoronto.ca> wrote:
Dear Professor Garrett and Professor Price, 


I am writing you in regards to the Independent Studies Abroad visit to the Himalayan Borders as I am in the Faculty of Arts and Science at the St. George Campus here at the University of Toronto. I am currently enrolled in a Buddhist Studies major, as I am deeply interested in the culture. As a devotee to my own customs and upbringing in the Anglican Church, it has always been my desire to obtain further knowledge in regards to Buddhism as I have enjoyed throughout the years learning about their beliefs and traditions. I understand the basic doctrines that remain common to all Buddhist include ‘the four noble truths’ and the eightfold path. What is quite intriguing to me is that Buddhism instinctively defines reality in terms of process and relation, rather than being or substance. I believe that this visit will broaden my understanding through the study of local religious practices and cultural beliefs in the Himalayan. I am an avid walker and have also been on several pilgrimages and have had the opportunity to learn about my own Christian based faith and history and believe that in addition to visiting a place with exceptional cultural diversity, I will be able to develop a better understanding of its history and cultural practices, as well as gaining insightful knowledge on how to respectfully engage within the local communities. I do believe that this visit will allow me to discover more about Buddhism as I will be given the opportunity to immerse myself fully into the culture. 


Kindest Regards,

Alyssa McLeish



On Jan 9, 2017, at 10:39 AM, Damien Boltauzer <damien.boltauzer@mail.utoronto.ca<mailto:damien.boltauzer@mail.utoronto.ca>> wrote:

Hello Frances and Matt.

           I am writing to express my interest in the Himalayan Borderlands summer course. The opportunity sounds absolutely amazing.
To travel to India has always been a dream of mine; to go with an academic purpose would be ideal. I am a religion major and a cultural anthropology major with a deep interest in lived religion and questions of religion and geography/environments. There are a few courses I have previously taken which may be relevant to the research agenda of the trip: RLG215 (pilgrimage Idea and practice); RLG212 and ANT356 (anthropology of religion); and RLG245 (religion of the silk road). I am currently enrolled in ANT390 (culture, ecology, politics). I am in great physical condition and love to hike. I have carefully read the safety and ethics requirements and I believe I can uphold them with no problems.

Thank you for you consideration,

Damien Boltauzer

(student #1002038831)


On Jan 7, 2017, at 2:45 PM, Christina Gousopoulos <christina.gousopoulos@mail.utoronto.ca> wrote:

Hello!
My name is Christina Gousopoulos and I am currently a second year student at U of T, majoring in both Religious Studies and Sociology.
I read about the amazing opportunity to travel to Sikkim, India this May and am incredibly interested in embarking on this adventure.
I have experience travelling abroad before as two years ago I spent seven weeks abroad in Europe on a trekking through Europe program, visiting eight countries and obtaining two school credits in the process.
I'd love to bring my passion for travelling and excitement for discovery and education on this trip in May, especially while visiting a part of the world I've always dreamt of going to but never had the opportunity before to do so. 
Thank you so much for your time and your consideration, I look forward to hearing more about the program!
Best, 
Christina


On Jan 7, 2017, at 2:41 PM, Justin Gillis <justin.gillis@mail.utoronto.ca> wrote:

Hello there, I have just come across the Independent Study course within the Himalayan Borderlands, and would like to express my great interest to be interviewed for this opportunity. My interests lies in contemporary forms of Buddhist culture and practice, I have unending energy for learning Buddhism as well as for experiencing the full spectrum of the world.

I have great anticipation for your reply, and hope that most who seek one will get the chance to be interviewed.

--Justin Gillis
3rd year Buddhist Specialization




On Jan 7, 2017, at 11:48 AM, Sanna Wani <sanna.wani@mail.utoronto.ca> wrote:

Dear Professors,

I am greatly interested in the Sikkim-based summer course RLG401 and would like to formally request an interview to be a part of the Himalayan Borderlands 2017 project this summer.

Thank you so much,
Sanna Wani.


On Jan 7, 2017, at 10:24 AM, Filip Andjelkovic <filip.andjelkovic@mail.utoronto.ca> wrote:

Hi Dr. Garrett and  Dr. Price,

I am interested in applying for the summer course you are leading in Sikkim, India. I am currently enrolled in my third year at U of T St. George completing a Specialist in Religion.

Please let me know if you have any questions for me, I am looking forward to hearing from you.

Best,

Filip Andjelkovic 



On Jan 8, 2017, at 7:29 PM, Marya Zananiri <marya.zananiri13@gmail.com> wrote:

Good evening! 

I am writing to express interest in joining the RLG401H Independent Studies Abroad: Himalayan Borderlands project in May. We were told to email both directors in order to show interest - I am not sure what else is required of me to do in order to be considered for a spot on the trip but I am happy to provide anything you ask for. 

Thanks, 
Marya Zananiri
1000564819 



On Jan 9, 2017, at 10:39 AM, Damien Boltauzer <damien.boltauzer@mail.utoronto.ca> wrote:

Hello Frances and Matt.

            I am writing to express my interest in the Himalayan Borderlands summer course. The opportunity sounds absolutely amazing.
To travel to India has always been a dream of mine; to go with an academic purpose would be ideal. I am a religion major and a cultural anthropology major with a deep interest in lived religion and questions of religion and geography/environments. There are a few courses I have previously taken which may be relevant to the research agenda of the trip: RLG215 (pilgrimage Idea and practice); RLG212 and ANT356 (anthropology of religion); and RLG245 (religion of the silk road). I am currently enrolled in ANT390 (culture, ecology, politics). I am in great physical condition and love to hike. I have carefully read the safety and ethics requirements and I believe I can uphold them with no problems. 

Thank you for you consideration,

Damien Boltauzer

(student #1002038831)



On Jan 9, 2017, at 10:56 PM, Tyra Yah <tyra.yah@mail.utoronto.ca> wrote:

Good evening Professor Garret and Price, 

I am writing to you in regards to the Himalayan borderlands independent studies opportunity that will be taking place in Sikkim during May. I received an e-mail regarding this exciting project from Professor Erlich and would like to convey my keen interest in being a participant in the program. How do I apply for the project and what would be the next steps in the process of application? Would it also be possible to provide a couple of details for the trip such as the end date and a timeline of our activities? 

I look forward to hearing back from you. 

Sincerely,
Tyra Yah



On Jan 10, 2017, at 1:59 PM, Joel Fisher <joel.fisher@mail.utoronto.ca> wrote:

Hello Professors,

I wish to express interest in being a participant in the Himalayan Borderlands summer course. I have read over the course description and guidelines and believe I meet all of the requirements. Thank you for the email, Matt.

Best,

Joel Fisher



From: Pavitra Giritharan pavitra.giritharan@mail.utoronto.ca
Sent: 12 January 2017 10:46
To: Barbara Hazelton
Subject: RLG401 Inquiry
 
Hi Ms. Hazelton,

You posted a course announcement regarding RLG401 Independent Studies Abroad: Himalayan Borderlands. I looked over the document and I feel that this is something I'm very interested in doing. But since I'm not a religion major (I pursue it as a minor), I'm not exactly sure how these things work and I don't know anyone else to turn to.

For these type of programs, do you know what type of students they're looking for? How an application should be structured? What characteristics or requirements they have for students? The course outline document seems pretty vague in those aspects.

Even though I have taken a few courses centered around Buddhism so far, I'm mainly a BComm student who pursues religious studies as a minor (even though I'm enrolled under Faculty of ArtSci). So I'm not sure if they're willing to accept a student who specializes in business. Should I bother applying?

Thanks for your help,
Pavitra



On Jan 13, 2017, at 1:35 PM, Vanessa Cocuzzo <vanessa.cocuzzo@mail.utoronto.ca> wrote:

Good afternoon Professor Garrett, 

My name is Vanessa Cocuzzo, and I am writing to you and Professor Price with great interest and excitement for the Himalayan Borderlands Trip. I hope you consider me as one of the four students who will join you for this learning experience of a lifetime, as it would be the ultimate pleasure to immerse myself in the cultural encounters of the Himalaya, and utilize it to broaden my perspective as a religious studies student, and as a citizen of the world.
I am 21 years old and in my 4th year at University of Toronto, graduating in 2018. I am double majoring in religion, and political science. I chose to merge both majors because it enables me to gain a more extensive perspective of how people function in the world, as religion is one of the originating forces which governed politics. Although I am specializing in Abrahamic traditions, I carry a great interest in a variety of religious groups and do a lot of research in my own time. I am naturally an experiential learner, and while I hugely value my time at U of T, I do not let it get in the way of engaging in activities that offer me life experiences, as I hold this to be the most crucial method of gaining knowledge. In addition to my schooling, I have waited at Moxies Grill & Bar for my entire university duration, and have since been promoted to a manager. Within school, I am currently in charge of corporate relations for the Right to Play club, funding money to educate and empower underprivileged youth. Aside from my day to day life as a curious student and part time employee, I crave adventure, and enjoy planning and saving for my next new experience.
My adventure driven mind leaped when I received the email regarding the Himalayan Borderlands trip as it could not be a more perfect fit for myself. I read the expectations of the trip in great detail, and it will certainly be a huge challenge as I have yet to experience learning to the point where physical well-being is potentially at stake. I have backpacked areas in Europe, and have gone camping, but trekking to moderately high altitudes in the Himalaya while observing and engaging with people from remote societies would be a total learning dream for myself. This trip would truly allow me to combine what I value most, studying and observing alongside experts/mentors, and learning through real experiences. This opportunity evokes a great deal of excitement, and it would be such an honour to be part of this field work. 
I would completely dedicate myself to the immersion of this unique learning experience, and will be a positive component to this group endeavour. I am naturally a team player, and very personable, and can engage with people from all walks of life. I find great interest in learning about how people function in this world, especially with religion, and in my free time, I love to read and watch online content on the human psyche and dynamics. I constantly question why people function the way they do, it is hugely enthralling for myself to witness religious activity in its rawest form. In this regard, experiencing local religious and cultural practices in the Himalaya would be a complete marvel for myself. Aside from my interest in observing religious activity, visiting India and hiking the Himalayas has been on my radar for the last two years, and I’ve been waiting for the perfect opportunity. 
I hope you consider me as candidate of the independent studies trip to Sikkim, and look forward to meeting you and Professor Price. 

Best, 

Vanessa Cocuzzo 
Glad to hear. I will be out of the country from January 26th to February 1st, so if we can schedule before or after, that would be awesome. 

Best,

Vanessa Cocuzzo 



On Jan 13, 2017, at 11:29 AM, Tina Ruysseveldt <tina.ruysseveldt@mail.utoronto.ca> wrote:

Greetings to both Frances and Matt,

My name is Tina and I am a student enrolled in the Buddhism course this winter.
I will admit my base knowledge in and of Buddhist studies is limited,  but I have a keen mind to continue my studies and my learning. I would be honored to have the opportunity to learn much more about the culture, history and religious traditions in the most spectacular region we would be travelling to.
I am a mature student and my studies is on a part time basis.  I am a Registered Nurse  and work part time in an ICU setting.  I have very much  interest in Religious studies and Religios studies is my major.  
In 2014 my interest and thirst to learn and experience has  taken me on a Southern India pilgrimage.  This experience was life changing on many levels and I would embrace the opportunity to be a part of and join your journey this summer to Sikkim.
I would work very hard and do all I would have to do to prepare and be a vital and present group participant.
I am very capable to be an active participant and my maturity and life experience would make my presence at times as asset. 
I look forward to speaking and or communication with you both further is I may be allowed the opportunity. 

Thank you for your time.

Tina Ruysseveldt
999380735

On Jan 17, 2017, at 12:50 PM, Abbiraami Ap Subramaniam <abbiraami.apsubramaniam@mail.utoronto.ca> wrote:

Dear Sir,
My name is Abbiraami Subramaniam. My student number is 1001233408. I am interested in applying for this three weeks course in Sikkim and would like to know more details about it. First of all, I am a third year student in Geology Specialist, and therefore I am not majoring in Religious Studies. However, I am keen in learning more about the culture and religious practices in Sikkim as it is a northeastern state of India. I have read a lot about the discrimination faced by Northeastern people in India by citizens from other parts and that piqued my interest to apply for this course. My question is if there are any prerequisites for this course or any requirements that I have to be doing a Religion major. If not, please consider my interest as I would like to learn more about the people in Sikkim. Your reply is highly appreciated. Thank you in advance <OutlookEmoji-😊.png> Have a good day Sir.

Sincerely,
Abbi



On Jan 17, 2017, at 6:02 PM, Amar Hordatt-Reece <amar.hordatt.reece@mail.utoronto.ca> wrote:

Hi Professor Garrett and Professor Price,

My name is Amar Hordatt-Reece. I recently heard about the RLG401 Himalayan Borderlands trip to Sikkim and I am extremely interested! I read the email that was sent out and noticed that it asked us to email the both of you, hence that is what I am doing. This trip would be a dream come true for me, so I very much look forward to hearing back from you. 

Kindest Regards, 
Amar Hordatt-Reece

On Jan 17, 2017, at 6:49 PM, Jacquelyn Laurenda <j.laurenda@mail.utoronto.ca> wrote:
Dear Professor Garrett and Professor Price, 

This email is to express my intention to apply for this summer's RLG401 course and trip to Sikkim, India. I look forward to finding out more about the trip and the application process, and hopefully to seeing you both on January 31. 

Thank you, 

Jacquelyn Laurenda
Student Parent Liaison
Woodsworth College 
University of Toronto 
119 St. George Street - Room 216
j.laurenda@mail.utoronto.ca

